# CreateShipmentFromQuoteRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**additional_options** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Logistics\Model\AdditionalOption[]**](AdditionalOption.md) | Supply a list of one or more shipping options that the seller has purchased for this shipment. The total cost of the added options is added to the base shipping cost to determine the final cost for the shipment. All added options must be selected from the set of options offered by the selected rate (such as shipping insurance or the requirement for a recipient signature). The base rate of the shipment is the value of the baseShippingCost field that&#39;s associated with the rateId of the selected shipping rate. | [optional] 
**label_custom_message** | **string** | Optional text to be printed on the shipping label if the selected shipping carrier supports custom messages on their labels. | [optional] 
**label_size** | **string** | The seller&#39;s desired label size. Any supplied value is applied only if the shipping carrier supports multiple label sizes, otherwise the carrier&#39;s default label size is used. 4&amp;quot;x6&amp;quot; | [optional] 
**rate_id** | **string** | The eBay-assigned ID of the shipping rate that the seller selected for the shipment. This value is generated by a call to createShippingQuote and is returned in the rates.rateId field. | [optional] 
**return_to** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Logistics\Model\Contact**](Contact.md) |  | [optional] 
**shipping_quote_id** | **string** | The unique eBay-assigned ID of the shipping quote that was generated by a call to createShippingQuote. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


