# CreateReportTask

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**campaign_ids** | **string[]** | Required if reportType is set to CAMPAIGN_PERFORMANCE_REPORT or CAMPAIGN_PERFORMANCE_SUMMARY_REPORT. A list of campaign IDs to be included in the report task. Call getCampaigns to get a list of the current campaign IDs for a seller. Note: The API currently supports only a single campaign ID per report task. Maximum: 1 | [optional] 
**date_from** | **string** | The date and time defining the start of the timespan covered by the report. For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. Valid format (UTC): yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.sssZ | [optional] 
**date_to** | **string** | The date and time defining the end of the report timespan. For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. Valid format (UTC): yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.sssZ | [optional] 
**dimensions** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Marketing\Model\Dimension[]**](Dimension.md) | The list of the dimensions applied to the report. A dimension is an attribute to which the report data applies. For example, if you set dimensionKey to campaign_id in a Campaign Performance Report, the data will apply to the entire ad campaign. For information on the dimensions and how to specify them, see Reading Promoted Listings reports. | [optional] 
**inventory_references** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Marketing\Model\InventoryReference[]**](InventoryReference.md) | Required if reportType is set to INVENTORY_PERFORMANCE_REPORT. The list of inventory reference IDs to include in the report. An inventory reference ID can be either a seller-defined SKU value or an inventoryItemGroupKey. An inventoryItemGroupKey is seller-defined ID for an inventory item group (a multiple-variation listing), and is created and used by the Inventory API.Maximum: 500 | [optional] 
**listing_ids** | **string[]** | Required if reportType is set to LISTING_PERFORMANCE_REPORT. An array of listing IDs to be included in the report. A listing ID is the eBay listing identifier that&#39;s generated when the listing is created. Note: This field accepts both a listingId, as generated by the Inventory API, and an itemId as used in the eBay Traditional API set (e.g., the Trading and Finding APIs). Maximum: 500 | [optional] 
**marketplace_id** | **string** | Required if reportType is set to ACCOUNT_PERFORMANCE_REPORT or INVENTORY_PERFORMANCE_REPORT. The ID for the eBay marketplace on which the report is based.Maximum: 1 For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/marketing/types/MarketplaceIdEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**metric_keys** | **string[]** | The list of metrics to be included in the report. Metrics are the quantitative measurements compiled into the report and the data returned is based on the specified dimension of the report. For example, if the dimension is campaign, the metrics for number of sales would be the number of sales in the campaign. However, if the dimension is listing, the number of sales represents the number of items sold in that listing. For information on metric keys and how to set them, see Reading Promoted Listings reports.Minimum: 1 | [optional] 
**report_format** | **string** | The file format of the report. Currently, the only supported format is TSV_GZIP, which is a gzip file with tab separated values. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/marketing/types/ReportFormatEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**report_type** | **string** | The type of report to be generated, such as ACCOUNT_PERFORMANCE_REPORT, CAMPAIGN_PERFORMANCE_REPORT, and so on. Maximum: 1 For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/marketing/types/ReportTypeEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


