# ItemPromotionResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**description** | **string** | This is the seller-defined &amp;quot;tag line&amp;quot; for the offer, such as &amp;quot;Save on designer shoes.&amp;quot; A tag line appears under the &amp;quot;offer-type text&amp;quot; that is generated for the promotion. The text is displayed under the offer tile that is shown on the seller&#39;s All Offers page and on the event page for the promotion. Note: Offer-type text is a teaser that&#39;s presented throughout the buyer&#39;s journey through the sales flow and is generated by eBay. This text is not editable by the seller&amp;mdash;it&#39;s derived from the settings in the discountRules and discountSpecification fields&amp;mdash;and can be, for example, &amp;quot;Extra 20% off when you buy 3+&amp;quot;. Maximum length: 50 | [optional] 
**discount_rules** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Marketing\Model\DiscountRule[]**](DiscountRule.md) | A list containing the promotion benefits (discountRule) and the rules that define when the benefit is applied (discountSpecification). | [optional] 
**end_date** | **string** | The date and time the promotion ends in UTC format (yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm.ss.sssZ). If this field is blank (null), it indicates the promotion has no end date. For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. | [optional] 
**inventory_criterion** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Marketing\Model\InventoryCriterion**](InventoryCriterion.md) |  | [optional] 
**marketplace_id** | **string** | The eBay marketplace ID of the site where the threshold promotion is hosted. Threshold promotions are currently supported on a limited number of eBay marketplaces. Valid values: EBAY_AU &#x3D; Australia EBAY_DE &#x3D; Germany EBAY_ES &#x3D; Spain EBAY_FR &#x3D; France EBAY_GB &#x3D; Great Britain EBAY_IT &#x3D; Italy EBAY_US &#x3D; United States For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/marketing/types/MarketplaceIdEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**name** | **string** | The seller-defined name or &amp;quot;title&amp;quot; of the promotion that the seller can use to identify a promotion. This label is not displayed in end-user flows. Maximum length: 90 | [optional] 
**priority** | **string** | Indicates the precedence of the promotion, which eBay uses to determine the position of a promotion on the seller&#39;s All Offers page. If an item is associated with multiple promotions, the promotion with the higher priority takes precedence. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/marketing/types/PromotionPriorityEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**promotion_id** | **string** | A unique eBay-assigned ID for the promotion that&#39;s generated when the promotion is created. | [optional] 
**promotion_image_url** | **string** | A URL that points to the image that represents the promotion. This image is displayed on the seller&#39;s All Offers page. The URL must point to either JPEG or PNG image and it must be a minimum of 500x500 pixels in dimension and cannot exceed 12Mb in size. | [optional] 
**promotion_status** | **string** | The current status of the promotion. When creating a new promotion, this value must be set to either DRAFT or SCHEDULED. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/marketing/types/PromotionStatusEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**start_date** | **string** | The date and time the promotion starts in UTC format (yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm.ss.sssZ). For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


