# ItemPriceMarkdown

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**apply_free_shipping** | **bool** | If set to true, free shipping is applied to the first shipping service specified for the item. The first domestic shipping option is set to &amp;quot;free shipping,&amp;quot; regardless if the shipping optionType for that service is set to FLAT_RATE, CALCULATED, or NOT_SPECIFIED (freight). This flag essentially adds free shipping as a promotional bonus. Default: false | [optional] 
**auto_select_future_inventory** | **bool** | If set to true, eBay will automatically add inventory items to the markdown promotion if they meet the selectedInventoryDiscounts criteria specified for the markdown promotion. Default: false | [optional] 
**block_price_increase_in_item_revision** | **bool** | If set to true, price increases (including removing the free shipping flag) are blocked and an error message is returned if a seller attempts to adjust the price of an item that&#39;s partaking in this markdown promotion. If set to false, an item is dropped from the markdown promotion if the seller adjusts the price. Default: false | [optional] 
**description** | **string** | This is the seller-defined &amp;quot;tag line&amp;quot; for the offer, such as &amp;quot;Save on designer shoes.&amp;quot; A tag line appears under the &amp;quot;offer-type text&amp;quot; that is generated for the promotion. The text is displayed on the offer tile that is shown on the seller&#39;s All Offers page and on the event page for the promotion. Note: Offer-type text is a teaser that&#39;s presented throughout the buyer&#39;s journey through the sales flow and is generated by eBay. This text is not editable by the seller&amp;mdash;it&#39;s derived from the settings in the discountRules and discountSpecification fields&amp;mdash;and can be, for example, &amp;quot;20% off&amp;quot;. Maximum length: 50 | [optional] 
**end_date** | **string** | The date and time the promotion ends in UTC format (yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm.ss.sssZ). If this field is blank (null), it indicates the promotion has no end date. For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. Max value: 14 days for the AT, CH, DE, ES, FR, IE, IT, and UK, marketplaces. 45 days for all other marketplaces. | [optional] 
**marketplace_id** | **string** | The eBay marketplace ID of the site where the markdown promotion is hosted. Markdown promotions are supported on all eBay marketplaces. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/marketing/types/MarketplaceIdEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**name** | **string** | The seller-defined name or &#39;title&#39; of the promotion that the seller can use to identify a promotion. This label is not displayed in end-user flows. Maximum length: 90 | [optional] 
**priority** | **string** | This field is ignored in markdown promotions. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/marketing/types/PromotionPriorityEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**promotion_image_url** | **string** | A URL that points to the image that represents the promotion. This image is displayed on the seller&#39;s All Offers page. The URL must point to either JPEG or PNG image and it must be a minimum of 500x500 pixels in dimension and cannot exceed 12Mb in size. | [optional] 
**promotion_status** | **string** | The current status of the promotion. When creating a new promotion, you must set this value to either DRAFT or SCHEDULED. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/marketing/types/PromotionStatusEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**selected_inventory_discounts** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Marketing\Model\SelectedInventoryDiscount[]**](SelectedInventoryDiscount.md) | A list that defines the sets of selected items for the markdown promotion and the discount specified for promotion. | [optional] 
**start_date** | **string** | The date and time the promotion starts in UTC format (yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm.ss.sssZ). For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


