# ReportTask

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**campaign_ids** | **string[]** | A list of campaign IDs to be included in the report. A campaign ID is a unique eBay-assigned identifier of the campaign that&#39;s generated when the campaign is created. Call getCampaigns to return the current campaign IDs for a seller. Note: Currently, you can specify only one campaign ID. | [optional] 
**date_from** | **string** | The date and time defining the start of the timespan covered by the report. For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. Valid format (UTC): yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.sssZ | [optional] 
**date_to** | **string** | The date and time defining the end of the report timespan. For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. Valid format (UTC): yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.sssZ | [optional] 
**dimensions** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Marketing\Model\Dimension[]**](Dimension.md) | A list containing the dimension in the report. | [optional] 
**inventory_references** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Marketing\Model\InventoryReference[]**](InventoryReference.md) | A list of the seller&#39;s inventory reference IDs to be included in the report. An inventory reference ID can be either a seller-defined SKU value or an inventoryItemGroupKey. An inventoryItemGroupKey is seller-defined ID for an inventory item group (a multiple-variation listing), and is created and used by the Inventory API. | [optional] 
**listing_ids** | **string[]** | A list of the listing IDs to be included in the report. A listing ID is an eBay-assigned ID that&#39;s generated when a listing is created. Note: This field accepts both a listingId, as generated by the Inventory API, and an itemId as used in the eBay Traditional API set (e.g., the Trading and Finding APIs). | [optional] 
**marketplace_id** | **string** | The ID of the eBay marketplace used by the report task. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/marketing/types/MarketplaceIdEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**metric_keys** | **string[]** | A list of metrics for the report task. | [optional] 
**report_expiration_date** | **string** | The date after which the report is no longer be available. Reports are available for 30 days and you cannot download a report after it has expired. For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. Format (UTC): yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.sssZ | [optional] 
**report_format** | **string** | Indicates the format of the report. Currently, only TSV_GZIP is supported. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/marketing/types/ReportFormatEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**report_href** | **string** | The URL of the generated report, which can be used to download the report once it has been generated. | [optional] 
**report_id** | **string** | A unique eBay-assigned ID for the report. | [optional] 
**report_name** | **string** | An eBay-assigned name for the report that&#39;s created by the createReportTask call. This name is unique for the seller. | [optional] 
**report_task_completion_date** | **string** | The date the report task completed the report generation. For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. Format (UTC): yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.sssZ | [optional] 
**report_task_creation_date** | **string** | The date the report task was created. For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. Format (UTC): yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.sssZ | [optional] 
**report_task_expected_completion_date** | **string** | The date the report task is expected to complete the report generation. For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. Format (UTC): yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.sssZ | [optional] 
**report_task_id** | **string** | The unique eBay-assigned ID of the report task. This value is generated when the report task is created with a call to createReportTask. | [optional] 
**report_task_status** | **string** | Indicates the current state of the report task. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/marketing/types/TaskStatusEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**report_task_status_message** | **string** | A status message with additional information about the report task. | [optional] 
**report_type** | **string** | Indicates type of report associated with the report task. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/marketing/types/ReportTypeEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


