# EbayOfferDetailsWithId

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**available_quantity** | **int** | This integer value sets the quantity of the inventory item that will be available through the offer. Quantity must be set to &lt;code&gt;1&lt;/code&gt; or more in order for the inventory item to be purchasable. This value should not be more than the quantity that is specified for the inventory item record.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;If this field exists for the current unpublished or published offer, it should be provided again in the &lt;strong&gt;updateOffer&lt;/strong&gt; call, even if the value is not changing. If this particular field is omitted in an &lt;strong&gt;updateOffer&lt;/strong&gt; call, the general available quantity set for the inventory item record may be used instead, and this may not be accurate if the inventory item is being sold across multiple marketplaces. | [optional] 
**category_id** | **string** | The unique identifier of the eBay category that the inventory item is/will be listed under. This field is not immediately required for an unpublished offer, but will be required before publishing the offer. Sellers can use the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/commerce/taxonomy/resources/category_tree/methods/getCategorySuggestions\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;getCategorySuggestions&lt;/a&gt; method of the Taxonomy API or the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/Reference/eBay/GetSuggestedCategories.html\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;GetSuggestedCategories&lt;/a&gt; call of the Trading API to retrieve suggested category ID values. The seller passes in a query string like \&quot;&lt;em&gt;iPhone 6&lt;/em&gt;\&quot;, and category ID values for suggested categories are returned in the response.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;If this field exists for the current unpublished offer, it should be provided again in the &lt;strong&gt;updateOffer&lt;/strong&gt; call, even if the eBay category is not changing. For a published offer (aka active eBay listing), this field must be provided or an error may occur. The eBay category of an active eBay listing cannot be changed once the listing has one or more sales, or if the listing is scheduled to end in less than 12 hours. | [optional] 
**listing_description** | **string** | The text in this field is (published offers), or will become (unpublished offers) the description of the eBay listing. This field is not immediately required for an unpublished offer, but will be required before publishing the offer. Note that if the &lt;strong&gt;listingDescription&lt;/strong&gt; field was omitted in the &lt;strong&gt;createOffer&lt;/strong&gt; call for the offer, the offer entity should have picked up the text provided in the &lt;strong&gt;product.description&lt;/strong&gt; field of the inventory item record, or if the inventory item is part of a group, the offer entity should have picked up the text provided in the &lt;strong&gt;description&lt;/strong&gt; field of the inventory item group record.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;If this field exists for the current unpublished offer, it should be provided again in the &lt;strong&gt;updateOffer&lt;/strong&gt; call, even if the text is not changing. For a published offer (aka active eBay listing), this field must be provided or an error may occur.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Max length&lt;/strong&gt;: 500000 | [optional] 
**listing_policies** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Inventory\Model\ListingPolicies**](ListingPolicies.md) |  | [optional] 
**merchant_location_key** | **string** | The unique identifier of a merchant&#39;s inventory location (where the inventory item in the offer is located). A &lt;strong&gt;merchantLocationKey&lt;/strong&gt; value is established when the merchant creates an inventory location using the &lt;strong&gt;createInventoryLocation&lt;/strong&gt; call. To get more information about inventory locations, the &lt;strong&gt;getInventoryLocation&lt;/strong&gt; call can be used.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;This field is not initially required upon first creating an offer, but will become required before an offer can be published.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Max length&lt;/b&gt;: 36 | [optional] 
**pricing_summary** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Inventory\Model\PricingSummary**](PricingSummary.md) |  | [optional] 
**quantity_limit_per_buyer** | **int** | This field is only applicable and set if the seller wishes to set a restriction on the purchase quantity per seller. If this field is set by the seller for the offer, then each distinct buyer may purchase up to, but not exceeding the quantity specified for this field. So, if this field&#39;s value is &lt;code&gt;5&lt;/code&gt;, each buyer may purchase between one to five of these products, and the purchases can occur in one multiple-quantity purchase, or over multiple transactions. If a buyer attempts to purchase one or more of these products, and the cumulative quantity will take the buyer beyond the quantity limit, that buyer will be blocked from that purchase.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;If this field currently exists for an unpublished or published offer, it should be provided again in an &lt;strong&gt;updateOffer&lt;/strong&gt; call, even if the value is not changing.&lt;br/&gt; | [optional] 
**tax** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Inventory\Model\Tax**](Tax.md) |  | [optional] 
**store_category_names** | **string[]** | This container is used if the seller would like to place the inventory item into one or two store categories that the seller has set up for their eBay store. The string value(s) passed in to this container will be the full path(s) to the store categories, as shown below:&lt;br&gt; &lt;pre&gt;&lt;code&gt;\&quot;storeCategoryNames\&quot;: [&lt;br/&gt; \&quot;/Fashion/Men/Shirts\&quot;, &lt;br/&gt; \&quot;/Fashion/Men/Accessories\&quot; ], &lt;/pre&gt;&lt;/code&gt;If this field currently exists for an unpublished or published offer, it should be provided again in an &lt;strong&gt;updateOffer&lt;/strong&gt; call, even if the eBay categories are not changing. | [optional] 
**lot_size** | **int** | This field is only applicable if the listing is a lot listing. A lot listing is a listing that has multiple quantity of the same product. An example would be a set of four identical car tires. The integer value passed into this field is the number of identical items being sold through the lot listing. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


