# EbayOfferDetailsWithKeys

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**available_quantity** | **int** | This integer value sets the quantity of the inventory item (specified by the &lt;strong&gt;sku&lt;/strong&gt; value) that will be available for purchase by buyers shopping on the eBay site specified in the &lt;strong&gt;marketplaceId&lt;/strong&gt; field. Quantity must be set to &lt;code&gt;1&lt;/code&gt; or more in order for the inventory item to be purchasable, but this field is not necessarily required, even for published offers, if the general quantity of the inventory item has already been set in the inventory item record. | [optional] 
**category_id** | **string** | The unique identifier of the eBay category that the inventory item will be listed under. This field is not immediately required upon creating an offer, but will be required before publishing the offer. Sellers can use the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/commerce/taxonomy/resources/category_tree/methods/getCategorySuggestions\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;getCategorySuggestions&lt;/a&gt; method of the Taxonomy API or the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/Reference/eBay/GetSuggestedCategories.html\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;GetSuggestedCategories&lt;/a&gt; call of the Trading API to retrieve suggested category ID values. The seller passes in a query string like \&quot;&lt;em&gt;iPhone 6&lt;/em&gt;\&quot;, and category ID values for suggested categories are returned in the response. | [optional] 
**listing_description** | **string** | The description of the eBay listing.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;This field is conditionally required before a single-variation offer may be published unless the &lt;strong&gt;product.description&lt;/strong&gt; field in the inventory item record is defined, in which case the text in that particular field will become the listing description. Similarly,  this field is also conditionally required before a multiple-variation offer may be published unless the &lt;strong&gt;description&lt;/strong&gt; field in the inventory item group record is defined, in which case the text in that particular field will become the listing description. However, if this field is provided, the text in this field will overwrite whatever description was given for the inventory item or the inventory item group.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;HTML markup tags are supported in the listing description, but keep in mind that these markup tags go toward the maximum character limit for this field.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Max Length&lt;/strong&gt;: 500000 | [optional] 
**listing_policies** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Inventory\Model\ListingPolicies**](ListingPolicies.md) |  | [optional] 
**merchant_location_key** | **string** | The unique identifier of a merchant&#39;s inventory location (where the inventory item in the offer is located). A &lt;strong&gt;merchantLocationKey&lt;/strong&gt; value is established when the merchant creates an inventory location using the &lt;strong&gt;createInventoryLocation&lt;/strong&gt; call. To get more information about inventory locations, the &lt;strong&gt;getInventoryLocation&lt;/strong&gt; call can be used.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;This field is not initially required upon first creating an offer, but will become required before an offer can be published.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Max length&lt;/b&gt;: 36 | [optional] 
**pricing_summary** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Inventory\Model\PricingSummary**](PricingSummary.md) |  | [optional] 
**quantity_limit_per_buyer** | **int** | This field is only applicable and set if the seller wishes to set a restriction on the purchase quantity per seller. If this field is set by the seller for the offer, then each distinct buyer may purchase up to, but not exceed the quantity specified for this field. So, if this field&#39;s value is &lt;code&gt;5&lt;/code&gt;, each buyer may purchase between one to five of these products, and the purchases can occur in one multiple-quantity purchase, or over multiple transactions. If a buyer attempts to purchase one or more of these products, and the cumulative quantity will take the buyer beyond the quantity limit, that buyer will be blocked from that purchase. &lt;br/&gt; | [optional] 
**tax** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Inventory\Model\Tax**](Tax.md) |  | [optional] 
**store_category_names** | **string[]** | This container is used if the seller would like to place the inventory item into one or two eBay store categories that the seller has set up for their eBay store. The string value(s) passed in to this container will be the full path(s) to the eBay store categories, as shown below:&lt;br&gt; &lt;pre&gt;&lt;code&gt;\&quot;storeCategoryNames\&quot;: [&lt;br/&gt; \&quot;/Fashion/Men/Shirts\&quot;, &lt;br/&gt; \&quot;/Fashion/Men/Accessories\&quot; ], &lt;/pre&gt;&lt;/code&gt; | [optional] 
**lot_size** | **int** | This field is only applicable if the listing is a lot listing. A lot listing is a listing that has multiple quantity of the same product. An example would be a set of four identical car tires. The integer value passed into this field is the number of identical items being sold through the lot listing. | [optional] 
**sku** | **string** | This is the seller-defined SKU value of the product that will be listed on the eBay site (specified in the &lt;strong&gt;marketplaceId&lt;/strong&gt; field). Only one offer (in unpublished or published state) may exist for each &lt;strong&gt;sku&lt;/strong&gt;/&lt;strong&gt;marketplaceId&lt;/strong&gt;/&lt;strong&gt;format&lt;/strong&gt; combination. This field is required.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Max Length&lt;/strong&gt;: 50&lt;br/&gt; | [optional] 
**marketplace_id** | **string** | This enumeration value is the unique identifier of the eBay site for which the offer will be made available. See &lt;strong&gt;MarketplaceEnum&lt;/strong&gt; for the list of supported enumeration values. This field is required. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/inventory/types/MarketplaceEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**format** | **string** | This enumerated value indicates the listing format of the offer. Currently, the only supported value for this field is &lt;code&gt;FIXED_PRICE&lt;/code&gt;, as the Inventory API only supports fixed-price listings at this time.&lt;br/&gt; For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/inventory/types/FormatTypeEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


