# InventoryItemWithSkuLocale

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**availability** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Inventory\Model\Availability**](Availability.md) |  | [optional] 
**condition** | **string** | This enumeration value indicates the condition of the item. Supported item condition values will vary by eBay site and category. To see which item condition values that a particular eBay category supports, use the &lt;strong&gt;getItemConditionPolicies&lt;/strong&gt; call of the &lt;strong&gt;Metadata API&lt;/strong&gt;, passing in the category ID as a query parameter. The proper syntax to use can be found on the &lt;strong&gt;getItemConditionPolicies&lt;/strong&gt; Call Reference page. The supported item conditions will be returned under the &lt;strong&gt;itemConditions&lt;/strong&gt; container of the &lt;strong&gt;getItemConditionPolicies&lt;/strong&gt; response. The &lt;strong&gt;itemConditions&lt;/strong&gt; container will consist of &lt;strong&gt;conditionId&lt;/strong&gt; and &lt;strong&gt;conditionDescription&lt;/strong&gt; values. The &lt;strong&gt;conditionId&lt;/strong&gt; values must be matched to the enumeration values defined in the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/api-docs/sell/inventory/types/slr:ConditionEnum\&quot;&gt;ConditionEnum&lt;/a&gt; type. See this type document for the mapping information, as one of the values in this type must be specified in the &lt;strong&gt;condition&lt;/strong&gt; field.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt; This field is optional up until the seller is ready to publish an offer with the SKU, at which time it becomes required.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt; Since the condition of an inventory item must be specified before being published in an offer, this field is always returned in the &#39;Get&#39; calls for SKUs that are part of a published offer. If a SKU is not part of a published offer, this container will only be returned if set for the inventory item. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/inventory/types/ConditionEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**condition_description** | **string** | This string field is used by the seller to more clearly describe the condition of a used inventory item, or an inventory item whose &lt;strong&gt;condition&lt;/strong&gt; value is not &lt;code&gt;NEW&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;LIKE_NEW&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;NEW_OTHER&lt;/code&gt;, or &lt;code&gt;NEW_WITH_DEFECTS&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt; The &lt;strong&gt;conditionDescription&lt;/strong&gt; field is available for all eBay categories. If the &lt;strong&gt;conditionDescription&lt;/strong&gt; field is used with an item in one of the new conditions (mentioned in previous paragraph), eBay will simply ignore this field if included, and eBay will return a warning message to the user. &lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt; This field should only be used to further clarify the condition of the used item. It should not be used for branding, promotions, shipping, returns, payment or other information unrelated to the condition of the used item. Make sure that the &lt;strong&gt;condition&lt;/strong&gt; value, condition description, listing description, and the item&#39;s pictures do not contradict one another. &lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt; This field is not always required, but is required if an inventory item is being updated and a condition description already exists for that inventory item. &lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt; This field is returned in the &lt;strong&gt;getInventoryItem&lt;/strong&gt;, &lt;strong&gt;bulkGetInventoryItem&lt;/strong&gt;, and &lt;strong&gt;getInventoryItems&lt;/strong&gt; calls if a condition description was provided for a used inventory item.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Max Length&lt;/strong&gt;: 1000. | [optional] 
**package_weight_and_size** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Inventory\Model\PackageWeightAndSize**](PackageWeightAndSize.md) |  | [optional] 
**product** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Inventory\Model\Product**](Product.md) |  | [optional] 
**sku** | **string** | This is the seller-defined SKU value of the product that will be listed on the eBay site (specified in the &lt;strong&gt;marketplaceId&lt;/strong&gt; field). Only one offer (in unpublished or published state) may exist for each &lt;strong&gt;sku&lt;/strong&gt;/&lt;strong&gt;marketplaceId&lt;/strong&gt;/&lt;strong&gt;format&lt;/strong&gt; combination. This field is required.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Max Length&lt;/strong&gt;: 50&lt;br/&gt; | [optional] 
**locale** | **string** | This field is for future use only. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/inventory/types/LocaleEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


