# MigrateListingResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**status_code** | **int** | This field is returned for each listing that the seller attempted to migrate. See the &lt;strong&gt;HTTP status codes&lt;/strong&gt; table to see which each status code indicates. | [optional] 
**listing_id** | **string** | The unique identifier of the eBay listing that the seller attempted to migrate. | [optional] 
**inventory_item_group_key** | **string** | This field will only be returned for a multiple-variation listing that the seller attempted to migrate. Its value is auto-generated by eBay. For a multiple-variation listing that is successfully migrated to the new Inventory model, eBay automatically creates an inventory item group object for the listing, and the seller will be able to retrieve and manage that new inventory item group object by using the value in this field. | [optional] 
**marketplace_id** | **string** | This is the unique identifier of the eBay Marketplace where the listing resides. The value fo the eBay US site will be &lt;code&gt;EBAY_US&lt;/code&gt;. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/inventory/types/MarketplaceEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**inventory_items** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Inventory\Model\InventoryItemListing[]**](InventoryItemListing.md) | This container exists of an array of SKU values and offer IDs. For single-variation listings, this will only be one SKU value and one offer ID (if listing was successfully migrated), but multiple SKU values and offer IDs will be returned for multiple-variation listings. | [optional] 
**errors** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Inventory\Model\Error[]**](Error.md) | If one or more errors occur with the attempt to migrate the listing, this container will be returned with detailed information on each error. | [optional] 
**warnings** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Inventory\Model\Error[]**](Error.md) | If one or more warnings occur with the attempt to migrate the listing, this container will be returned with detailed information on each warning. It is possible that a listing can be successfully migrated even if a warning occurs. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


