# Order

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**buyer** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Fulfillment\Model\Buyer**](Buyer.md) |  | [optional] 
**buyer_checkout_notes** | **string** | This field contains any comments that the buyer left for the seller about the order during checkout process. This field is only returned if a buyer left comments at checkout time. | [optional] 
**cancel_status** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Fulfillment\Model\CancelStatus**](CancelStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**creation_date** | **string** | The date and time that the order was created. This timestamp is in ISO 8601 format, which uses the 24-hour Universal Coordinated Time (UTC) clock. Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSZ Example: 2015-08-04T19:09:02.768Z | [optional] 
**ebay_collect_and_remit_tax** | **bool** | This field is only returned if true, and indicates that eBay will collect sales tax for at least one line item in the order, and remit the tax to the taxing authority of the buyer&#39;s residence. If this field is returned, the seller should search for one or more ebayCollectAndRemitTaxes containers at the line item level to get more information about the type of tax and the amount. | [optional] 
**fulfillment_hrefs** | **string[]** | This array contains a list of one or more getShippingFulfillment call URIs that can be used to retrieve shipping fulfillments that have been set up for the order. | [optional] 
**fulfillment_start_instructions** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Fulfillment\Model\FulfillmentStartInstruction[]**](FulfillmentStartInstruction.md) | This container consists of a set of specifications for fulfilling the order, including the type of fulfillment, shipping carrier and service, shipping address, and estimated delivery window. These instructions are derived from the buyer&#39;s and seller&#39;s eBay account preferences, the listing parameters, and the buyer&#39;s checkout selections. The seller can use them as a starting point for packaging, addressing, and shipping the order. Note: Although this container is presented as an array, it currently returns only one set of fulfillment specifications. Additional array members will be supported in future functionality. | [optional] 
**last_modified_date** | **string** | The date and time that the order was last modified. This timestamp is in ISO 8601 format, which uses the 24-hour Universal Coordinated Time (UTC) clock. Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSZ Example: 2015-08-04T19:09:02.768Z | [optional] 
**legacy_order_id** | **string** | The order&#39;s unique identifier, as formatted for legacy APIs. Both the orderId field and this field are always returned. Use the value of legacyOrderId instead of the value of orderId with APIs that require a legacy order ID, such as the Post-Order API or the Trading API. Note: The value of this field is not formatted the same way as the value of the orderId field. Do not attempt to use this field&#39;s value in the orderId field. | [optional] 
**line_items** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Fulfillment\Model\LineItem[]**](LineItem.md) | This array contains the details for all line items that comprise the order. A line item consists of one or more units of a specific variation and version of a listed item that has been purchased. | [optional] 
**order_fulfillment_status** | **string** | The degree to which fulfillment of the order is complete. See the OrderFulfillmentStatus type definition for more information about each possible fulfillment state. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/fulfillment/types/OrderFulfillmentStatus.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**order_id** | **string** | The unique identifier of the order. This value was originally generated by eBay as a result of the buyer&#39;s checkout process; for example, 170009092860-9849164007!140000000544476. Note: The value of this field is not formatted the same way as the value of the Trading API&#39;s OrderID field. Use the value of the legacyOrderId field instead of this one with the Trading API. | [optional] 
**order_payment_status** | **string** | The enumeration value returned in this field indicates the current payment status of an order, or in case of a refund request, the current status of the refund. See the OrderPaymentStatusEnum type definition for more information about each possible payment/refund state. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/fulfillment/types/OrderPaymentStatusEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**payment_summary** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Fulfillment\Model\PaymentSummary**](PaymentSummary.md) |  | [optional] 
**pricing_summary** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Fulfillment\Model\PricingSummary**](PricingSummary.md) |  | [optional] 
**seller_id** | **string** | The unique eBay user ID of the seller who sold the order. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


