# FulfillmentPolicy

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**category_types** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Account\Model\CategoryType[]**](CategoryType.md) | The CategoryTypeEnum value to which this policy applies. Used to discern accounts that sell motor vehicles from those that don&#39;t. (Currently, each policy can be set to only one categoryTypes value at a time.) | [optional] 
**description** | **string** | An optional seller-defined description of the fulfillment policy for internal use (this value is not displayed to end users). Max length: 250 | [optional] 
**freight_shipping** | **bool** | If set to true, the seller offers freight shipping. Default: false | [optional] 
**fulfillment_policy_id** | **string** | A unique eBay-assigned ID for the fulfillment policy. This ID is generated when the policy is created. | [optional] 
**global_shipping** | **bool** | If set to true, the seller has opted-in to the eBay Global Shipping Program and that they use that service for their international shipments. Setting this value automatically sets the international shipping service for the policy to International Priority Shipping and the buyer does not need to set any other shipping services for their INTERNATIONAL shipping options (unless they sell items not covered by the Global Shipping Program). If this value is set to false, the seller is responsible for manually specifying the international shipping services, as described in Setting up worldwide shipping. To opt-in to the Global Shipping Program, log in to eBay and navigate to My Account &amp;gt; Site Preferences &amp;gt; Shipping preferences. Default: false | [optional] 
**handling_time** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Account\Model\TimeDuration**](TimeDuration.md) |  | [optional] 
**local_pickup** | **bool** | If set to true, the seller offers local pickup of their items. Local pickup is supported by the Inventory API, and it can be used with Add/Revise/Relist calls. To enable local pickup, a seller (1) must be eligible for local pickup and (2) must set this boolean field to &#39;true&#39;. Currently, local pickup is available to only large retail merchants and can be applied to only multiple-quantity, fixed-price listings. In addition to setting this field, the merchant must also do the following to enable the &amp;quot;Local Pickup&amp;quot; option on a multiple-quantity, fixed-price listing: Have inventory for the product at one or more physical stores tied to the merchant&#39;s account. Sellers can use the createInventoryLocaion method in the Inventory API to associate physical stores to their account and they can then can add inventory to specific store locations. Include the seller-defined SKU value of the product(s) in the request. For single-variation listings, the SKU value is specified in the Item.SKU field and for multiple-variation listings, the SKU value(s) are specified in the Item.Variations.Variation.SKU field(s). Set an immediate payment requirement on the item. The immediate payment feature requires the seller to: Include only one paymentMethods field in the payment policy and set its value to PAYPAL. Include a valid PayPal contact in the recipientAccountReference.referenceId field of the payment policy. Have a valid store location with a complete street address. When a seller is successful at listing an item with the In-Store Pickup feature enabled, prospective buyers within a reasonable distance (25 miles or so) from one of the seller&#39;s stores (that has stock available) will see the &amp;quot;Available for In-Store Pickup&amp;quot; option on the listing, along with information on the closest store that has the item.Default: false | [optional] 
**marketplace_id** | **string** | The ID of the eBay marketplace to which this fulfillment policy applies. If this value is not specified, value defaults to the seller&#39;s eBay registration site. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/account/types/MarketplaceIdEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**name** | **string** | A user-defined name for this fulfillment policy. Names must be unique for policies assigned to the same marketplace. Max length: 64 | [optional] 
**pickup_drop_off** | **bool** | If set to true, the seller offers the &amp;quot;Click and Collect&amp;quot; feature. Click and Collect is supported by the Inventory API, and it can be used with Add/Revise/Relist calls. To enable &amp;quot;Click and Collect&amp;quot;, a seller (1) must be eligible for Click and Collect and (2) must set this boolean field to &#39;true&#39;. Currently, Click and Collect is available to only large retail merchants selling in the eBay AU and UK marketplaces. In addition to setting this field, the merchant must also do the following to enable the &amp;quot;Click and Collect&amp;quot; option on a listing: Have inventory for the product at one or more physical stores tied to the merchant&#39;s account. Sellers can use the createInventoryLocaion method in the Inventory API to associate physical stores to their account and they can then can add inventory to specific store locations. Set an immediate payment requirement on the item. The immediate payment feature requires the seller to: Set the immediatePay flag in the payment policy to &#39;true&#39;. Include only one paymentMethods field in the payment policy and set its value to PAYPAL. Include a valid PayPal contact in the recipientAccountReference.referenceId field of the payment policy. Have a valid store location with a complete street address. When a UK merchant successfully lists an item with Click and Collect, prospective buyers within a reasonable distance from one of the merchant&#39;s stores (that has stock available) will see the &amp;quot;Available for Click and Collect&amp;quot; option on the listing, along with information on the closest store that has the item.Default: false | [optional] 
**shipping_options** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Account\Model\ShippingOption[]**](ShippingOption.md) | A list that defines the seller&#39;s shipping configurations for DOMESTIC and INTERNATIONAL order shipments. shippingOptions is a list with a single element if the seller ships to only domestic locations. If the seller also ships internationally, the list contains a second element that defines their international shipping options. Shipping options configure the high-level shipping settings that apply to orders, such as flat-rate or calculated shipping, any rate tables the seller wants to associate with the shipping services, plus other details (such as the shippingServices offered for domestic or international shipments). | [optional] 
**ship_to_locations** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Account\Model\RegionSet**](RegionSet.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


