# PaymentMethod

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**brands** | **string[]** | Required if paymentMethodType is set to CREDIT_CARD. A list of credit card brands accepted by the seller. It&#39;s important to note that the credit card brands Visa and MasterCard must both be listed if either one is listed, as is shown in the following code fragment: &amp;quot;paymentMethods&amp;quot;: [{ &amp;quot;brands&amp;quot;: [VISA, MASTERCARD] }] ... Note: Different eBay marketplaces may or may not support this field. Use the Trading API GetCategoryFeatures call with FeatureID set to PaymentMethods and DetailLevel set to ReturnAll to see what credit card brands different marketplaces support. If the GetCategoryFeatures call returns details on credit card brands for the categories in which you sell, then you can use this field to list the credit card brands the seller accepts. If, on the other hand, GetCategoryFeatures does not enumerate credit card brands for your target site (for example, if it returns PaymentMethod set to CCAccepted), then you cannot enumerate specific credit card brands with this field for that marketplace. | [optional] 
**payment_method_type** | **string** | The payment method, selected from the supported payment method types. Use GetCategoryFeatures in the Trading API to retrieve the payment methods allowed for a category on a specific marketplace, as well as the default payment method for that marketplace (review the SiteDefaults.PaymentMethod field). For example, the response from GetCategoryFeatures shows that on the US marketplace, most categories allow only electronic payments via credit cards, PayPal, and the like. Also, note that GeteBayDetails does not return payment method information. Note: If you create item listings using the Inventory API, you must set this field to PAYPAL (currently, the Inventory API supports only fixed-prince GTC items where the only supported paymentMethod is PayPal). For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/account/types/PaymentMethodTypeEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**recipient_account_reference** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Account\Model\RecipientAccountReference**](RecipientAccountReference.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


