# RegionSet

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**region_excluded** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Account\Model\Region[]**](Region.md) | A list of one or more regionsName fields that specify the areas to where a seller does not ship. Populate regionExcluded in only the top-level shipToLocations container (do not populate this field within the shippingOptions container). Normally a seller ships to as many areas as possible using both DOMESTIC and INTERNATIONAL shipping options and they don&#39;t have a need to exclude any regions from their ship-to locations. With this, there&#39;s no reason to set regionExclude fields. However, it makes sense to set the regionExcluded field when a seller wants to exclude a small area that&#39;s located within a larger area they service. For example, suppose a seller indicates they ship &#39;Worldwide&#39;, but for some reason must exclude a specific country, or world region, from the larger world area they ship to. To retrieve the regions you can specify in the associated regionName field, call GeteBayDetails with DetailName set to ExcludeShippingLocationDetails, then review the Location fields in the response for the strings that you can specify regionExcluded.regionName. Note that if a buyer&#39;s primary ship-to location is a region that a seller has excluded in their fulfillment policy (or if the buyer does not have a primary ship-to location), they will receive an error message if they attempt to buy or place a bid on an item that uses that fulfillment policy. For details on setting this field, see Excluding specific regions from included shipping areas. | [optional] 
**region_included** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Account\Model\Region[]**](Region.md) | Required if optionType set to INTERNATIONAL. A list of one or more regionsName fields that specify the areas to where a seller ships. Important: Populate this field only when the parent shipToLocations object is located within a shippingOptions container (that is, the parent shipTolocations object must not be the one at the top-level of the policy). Also, this field needs to be populated only when the associated shippingOptions container has optionType set to INTERNATIONAL. Withing an international shipping option, set this value to Worldwide to indicate the seller ships to all world regions. If needed, use the regionExcluded field to exclude any regions in the world to where the seller does not ship. Each eBay marketplace supports its own set of allowable shipping locations. Obtain the valid &#39;Ship-To Locations&#39; for a marketplace by calling GeteBayDetails with DetailName set to ShippingLocationDetails, then review the ShippingLocation fields in the response for the strings that you can specify in the regionIncluded.regionName field. For DOMESTIC shipping options, eBay automatically uses the seller&#39;s listing country as the default regionIncluded country. For details on setting this field, see How to set up worldwide shipping. This field is always returned in the shipping policy response. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


