# ReturnPolicyRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**category_types** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Account\Model\CategoryType[]**](CategoryType.md) | For return policies, this field can be set to only ALL_EXCLUDING_MOTORS_VEHICLES (returns on motor vehicles are not processed through eBay flows.) Default: ALL_EXCLUDING_MOTORS_VEHICLES (for return policies only) | [optional] 
**description** | **string** | An optional seller-defined description of the return policy for internal use (this value is not displayed to end users). Max length: 250 | [optional] 
**extended_holiday_returns_offered** | **bool** | Important! This field has been deprecated as of version 1.2.0, released on May 31, 2018. Any value supplied in this field is ignored, it is neither read nor returned. If set to true, the seller offers an Extended Holiday Returns policy for their listings. IMPORTANT: Extended Holiday Returns is a seasonally available feature that is offered on some eBay marketplaces. To see if the feature is enabled in any given year, check the Returns on eBay page before the holiday season begins. If the feature is not enabled for the season, this field is ignored. The extended holiday returns period is defined by three dates: The start date &#x3D; start of November. The purchase cutoff date &#x3D; end of the year. The end date &#x3D; end of January. The above dates may vary by a few days each year. Sellers are notified of the current dates on their eBay marketplace before the holiday period starts. Sellers can specify Extended Holiday Returns (as well as their regular non-holiday returns period) for chosen listings at any time during the year. The Extended Holiday Returns offer is not visible in listings until the start date of current year&#39;s holiday returns period, at which point it overrides the non-holiday returns policy. Buyers can see the Extended Holiday Returns offer in listings displayed through the purchase cutoff date and are able to return those purchases until the end date of the period. After the purchase cutoff date, the Extended Holiday Returns offer automatically disappears from the listings and the seller&#39;s non-holiday returns period reappears. Purchases made from that point on are subject to the non-holiday returns period, while purchases made before the cutoff date still have until the end of the period to return under the program. If the value of holidayReturns is false for an item, the return period specified by the returnsWithinOption field applies, regardless of the purchase date. If the item is listed with a policy of no returns, holidayReturns is automatically reset to false. | [optional] 
**international_override** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Account\Model\InternationalReturnOverrideType**](InternationalReturnOverrideType.md) |  | [optional] 
**marketplace_id** | **string** | The ID of the eBay marketplace to which this return policy applies. If this value is not specified, value defaults to the seller&#39;s eBay registration site. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/account/types/MarketplaceIdEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**name** | **string** | A user-defined name for this return policy. Names must be unique for policies assigned to the same marketplace. Max length: 64 | [optional] 
**refund_method** | **string** | Important! this field has been deprecated as of version 1.2.0, released on May 31, 2018. Any value other than MONEY_BACK will be treated as MONEY_BACK (although for a period of time, eBay will store and return the legacy values to preserve backwards compatibility). Indicates the method the seller uses to compensate the buyer for returned items. The return method specified applies only to remorse returns. Note that each eBay marketplace can support different sets of refund methods. Also, each eBay marketplace has a default setting for this value and if you do not specifically set this value, sellers are obligated to honor the setting that displays in their listings. Call GeteBayDetails in the Trading API to see what refund methods the marketplaces you sell into support. We recommend you set this field to the value of your preferred refund method and that you use the description field to detail the seller&#39;s return policy (such as indicating how quickly the seller will process a refund, whether the seller must receive the item before processing a refund, and other similar useful details). You cannot modify this value in a Revise item call if (1) the listing has bids or (2) the listing ends within 12 hours. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/account/types/RefundMethodEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**restocking_fee_percentage** | **string** | Important! This field has been deprecated as of version 1.2.0, released on May 31, 2018. Any value supplied in this field is ignored, it is neither read nor returned. Sellers who accept returns should include this field if they charge buyers a restocking fee when items are returned. A restocking fee comes into play only when an item is returned due to buyer remorse and/or a purchasing mistake, but sellers cannot charge a restocking fee for SNAD-related returns. The total amount returned to the buyer is reduced by the cost of the item multiplied by the percentage indicated by this field. Allowable restocking fee values are: 0.0: No restocking fee is charged to the buyer 10.0: 10 percent of the item price is charged to the buyer 15.0: 15 percent of the item price is charged to the buyer 20.0: Up to 20 percent of the item price is charged to the buyer | [optional] 
**return_instructions** | **string** | Important! This field is being deprecated on many marketplaces. Once deprecated, this field will be ignored on marketplaces where it is not supported and it will neither be read nor returned. This optional field contains the seller&#39;s detailed explanation for their return policy and is displayed in the Return Policy section of the View Item page. This field is valid in only the following marketplaces (the field is otherwise ignored): Germany (DE) Spain (ES) France (FR) Italy (IT) Where valid, sellers can use this field to add details about their return policies. eBay uses this text string as-is in the Return Policy section of the View Item page. Avoid HTML and avoid character entity references (such as &amp;amp;amp;pound; or &amp;amp;amp;#163;). To include special characters in the return policy description, use the literal UTF-8 or ISO-8559-1 character (e.g. &amp;amp;#163;). Max length: 5000 (8000 for DE) | [optional] 
**return_method** | **string** | Valid in the US marketplace only, this optional field indicates additional services (other than money-back) that sellers can offer buyers for remorse returns. As of version 1.2.0, the only accepted value for this field is REPLACEMENT. This field is valid in only the US marketplace, any supplied value is ignored in other marketplaces. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/account/types/ReturnMethodEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**return_period** | [**\Nopolabs\EBay\Sell\Account\Model\TimeDuration**](TimeDuration.md) |  | [optional] 
**returns_accepted** | **bool** | If set to true, the seller accepts returns. Call the getReturnPolicies in the Metadata API to see what categories require returns to be offered for listings in each category. Also, note that some European marketplaces (for example, UK, IE, and DE) require sellers to accept returns for fixed-price items and auctions listed with Buy It Now. For details, see Returns and the Law (UK). Note:Top-Rated sellers must accept item returns and the handlingTime should be set to zero days or one day for a listing to receive a Top-Rated Plus badge on the View Item or search result pages. For more information on eBay&#39;s Top-Rated seller program, see Becoming a Top Rated Seller and qualifying for Top Rated Plus benefits. | [optional] 
**return_shipping_cost_payer** | **string** | Required if returnsAccepted is set to true. This field indicates who is responsible for paying for the shipping charges for returned items. The field can be set to either BUYER or SELLER. Depending on the return policy and specifics of the return, either the buyer or the seller can be responsible for the return shipping costs. Note that the seller is always responsible for return shipping costs for SNAD-related issues. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/account/types/ReturnShippingCostPayerEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


